hello everybody we were walking one more
video is holding the microphone because
does not have a pedestal yet to place
here on the table this video the video
fast or talk a little about promotions
results
It's like I know I got there ten
steam games and imposed everything is on
facebook who has any questions was
charlie was drawn each draw away
everything is there on the facebook channel then
accompanying facebook is important for
to know is what 's happening, I'm
Talking you're stealing from you and staying
connected in this is the last draw of the
ten games five people caught up with
Fours were five or six
This is four or five I'm going to throw.
the names on the screen where this video is
listen to whoever was missing then these
people are watching this video, please
search facebook for a picture of a
message on youtube is prevention face
with the face that you were the xavi does not have
how to know who you are
so I added already all of them are in the
facebook, please accept the request for
friendship send a message on facebook
for you to receive the key and rotate 45
days if you do not receive four or more
Five days I'll draw again for
the same people were participating
which are 380 people
The boot there only had five more names and
I'll generate the names so these games will go
be called anyway
independent of having two or three
in a handle their key is also for
that it is happening in others
king of varzim
other fans and not another draw
but at least 47 years old and then you
charlie day 19
You will participate by the link I am
leaving you there you have to go there
facebook or post share the post of
a like there is in the channel made and only went
participate in the draw because the draw is
a very simple side I can draw and
to get in touch with people
thank you to those who were drawn from t is
helped me on the delivery part of the game
because what I added with the friendship
than borrowing steam for
receiving the keys were extremely
extremely fast is friends with this is
It's cute if you understand my boring side.
keep turning key
the guys win the games I have to
run after the guys to deliver him
It gets to be funny.
good was this but that shepherd country
have forgotten to check the
results always on the channel page
Many thanks and until the next video